README.md, before:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/SonarSource/sonar-scanner-cli-docker.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/SonarSource/sonar-scanner-cli-docker)

# SonarScanner CLI

This is the Git repository that contains source for [SonarScanner CLI](https://github.com/SonarSource/sonar-scanner-cli) Docker images.
Images are available on [Docker Hub](https://hub.docker.com/r/sonarsource/sonar-scanner-cli).

NB: These Docker images are not compatible with C/C#/C++/Objective-C projects.

## Usage and configuration

For information on how to use and configure the image, head over to the Docker section of [SonarScanner CLI docs](https://docs.sonarqube.org/latest/analysis/scan/sonarscanner/).

## Questions or Feedback

For support questions ("How do I?", "I got this error, why?", ...), please first read the [documentation](https://docs.sonarqube.org) and then head to the [SonarSource forum](https://community.sonarsource.com/). There are chances that a question similar to yours has already been answered.

Be aware that this forum is a community, so the standard pleasantries ("Hi", "Thanks", ...) are expected. And if you don't get an answer to your thread, you should sit on your hands for at least three days before bumping it. Operators are not standing by. :-)

## Contributing

If you would like to see a new feature, please create a new thread in the forum ["Suggest new features"](https://community.sonarsource.com/c/suggestions/features).

Please be aware that we are not actively looking for feature contributions. We typically accept minor improvements and bug-fixes.

With that in mind, if you would like to submit a code contribution, please create a pull request for this repository. Please explain your motives to contribute this change: what problem you are trying to fix, what improvement you are trying to make.

## License

Copyright 2015-2023 SonarSource.

Licensed under the [GNU Lesser General Public License, Version 3.0](http://www.gnu.org/licenses/lgpl.txt)

Commit message:

Update README.md with Clean Code link
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1XhLeIhXWOzyWGJlJYp9OqYbkP5KQ-Gvx1a0O5JHTQsY/edit

README.md, after:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/SonarSource/sonar-scanner-cli-docker.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/SonarSource/sonar-scanner-cli-docker)

# SonarScanner CLI

This is the Git repository that contains the source for [SonarScanner CLI](https://github.com/SonarSource/sonar-scanner-cli) Docker images.
Images are available on [Docker Hub](https://hub.docker.com/r/sonarsource/sonar-scanner-cli).

Sonar's [Clean Code solutions](https://www.sonarsource.com/solutions/clean-code/?utm_medium=referral&utm_source=github&utm_campaign=clean-code&utm_content=sonar-scanner-cli-docker) help developers deliver high-quality, efficient code standards that benefit the entire team or organization. 

NB: These Docker images are not compatible with C/C#/C++/Objective-C projects.

## Usage and configuration

For information on how to use and configure the image, head over to the Docker section of [SonarScanner CLI docs](https://docs.sonarqube.org/latest/analysis/scan/sonarscanner/).

## Questions or Feedback

For support questions ("How do I?", "I got this error, why?", ...), please first read the [documentation](https://docs.sonarqube.org) and then head to the [SonarSource forum](https://community.sonarsource.com/). There are chances that a question similar to yours has already been answered.

Be aware that this forum is a community, so the standard pleasantries ("Hi", "Thanks", ...) are expected. And if you don't get an answer to your thread, you should sit on your hands for at least three days before bumping it. Operators are not standing by. :-)

## Contributing

If you would like to see a new feature, please create a new thread in the forum ["Suggest new features"](https://community.sonarsource.com/c/suggestions/features).

Please be aware that we are not actively looking for feature contributions. We typically accept minor improvements and bug fixes.

With that in mind, if you would like to submit a code contribution, please create a pull request for this repository. Please explain your motives to contribute this change: what problem you are trying to fix, what improvement you are trying to make.

## License

Copyright 2015-2023 SonarSource.

Licensed under the [GNU Lesser General Public License, Version 3.0](http://www.gnu.org/licenses/lgpl.txt)
